# Webhooks

Webhooks allow you to receive notifications in your own application when significant events occur in Parakeet. You can subscribe to a number of different events that allow you to hook into the Parakeet lifecycle in real time.

## Security

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json
X-Parakeet-Signature: 849facfb3849af8c748238fbca84723894fac

{
  "type": "call.connected",
  "call": { ... }
}
```

In order to ensure requests are generated by Parakeet, we sign all outgoing webhooks with your primary API key. To generate the signature, we take a complete HMAC-SHA256 of the body contents, using your API key as the secret. The resulting value is hex encoded and placed in the `X-Parakeet-Signature` header.

## Retry Policy

We get it, sometimes things don't go exactly as planned - it happens to us too. Don't worry, though. When things go wrong, we'll try your endpoint a few more times to see if it gets sorted out.

If we don't receive a 200 response from your webhook, we'll retry after 100ms. Each time after that, we multiply the previous delay by 4, with a maximum of 10 minutes between requests. If, after 20 requests, things still haven't quite sorted out, we'll drop the message and move on.

Please note, if we receive enough failed attempts to your webhook URL, it may be removed entirely.

## Supported Events

Below is a complete list of events that are available via Parakeet webhooks. Parakeet creates a number of events that are not currently provided over webhooks, so if there's particular data you'd like to see here, please let us know.

Event | Description
--------- | ------- | -----------
`call.connected` | Call has been answered
`call.ended` | Call has terminated
`call.tagged` | Call has been tagged
`call.assigned` | Call has been assigned
`call.archived` | Call has been archived
`call.unarchived` | Call has been unarchived
`call.comment` | Call has been commented on
`call.voicemail` | Voicemail has been left for a call
`contact.created` | Contact has been created
`contact.updated` | Contact has been updated
`contact.deleted` | Contact has been deleted
`number.created` | Number has been provisioned and added
`number.updated` | Number has been updated to a new destination
`number.deleted` | Number has been deleted and is no longer callable
`user.created` | User has been added to the account
`user.updated` | User has been updated
`user.deleted` | User has been deleted from the account 